.Dd October 23, 2008
.Dt PWTOOL 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm pwtool
.Nd A command-line interface tool to libpwstor
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl vhb
.Fl p Ar password
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The 
.Nm 
command acts as a command-line front-end for the libpwstor (
.Xr pwstor 3 )
library.  Currently, the password to encode must be specified on the command line via the 
.It Fl p Ar password 
option.  
Additionally, the following options may be used:
.Pp
.Fl v 
causes 
.Nm 
to print the current libpwstor library version and exit.
.Pp
.Fl h 
causes 
.Nm 
to print help, similar to the contents of this manual page, and exit.
.Pp
.Fl b 
causes 
.Nm 
to print its output in standard format, which will not be human-readable on most terminals.  
.Pp
The default behavior of 
.Nm 
is to print the output in Base64-encoded format.  
.Sh COPYRIGHT
libpwstor and all related source code is Copyright (c) 2008 Matt Harris.  All rights reserved.
.Sh LICENSE
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
.Pp
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.Pp
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.Pp
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY Mr. Harris AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL Mr. Harris OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr pwstor 3
